Include GitLab CI variable when checking if in CI (#4401)
HypothesisWorks/hypothesis: hypothesis-python/RELEASE.rst

> RELEASE_TYPE: patch
> 
> This patch adds detection of GitLab CI environments in :func:`_settings.is_in_ci`.
> If `GITLAB_CI` is set in the environment, the default Hypothesis settings
> will be changed to the CI profile. This affects the `derandomize`, `deadline`,
> `database`, `print_blob` settings as well as the `too_slow` healthcheck.
> 
> Thanks to Genevieve Mendoza for this contribution!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RELEASE_TYPE: patch

This patch adds ``GITLAB_CI`` to the environment variables checked when enabling the default CI :ref:`settings profile <settings_profiles>`.

Thanks to Genevieve Mendoza for this contribution!
```
